# New Opera - Hair/Make-Up Interactive look-book


In this aesthetically-realistic hair and make-up game, 3 different looks are available for the user to drag and drop on the doll's face and head. The user can mute the music playing (MUTE/PLAY), hide hair/make-up elements to have a minimalistic view of the result and save the look in .png (HIDE/SHOW),  saving the whole canvas (SAVE). The look-book is showing an experimental remake of cantonese opera make-up - more specifically "the flower daughter" opera, were the doll is living a fantasy to be made-up for their pop-rock concert, hence the DIY aesthetic.

Art: This idea was to explore new ways of showcasing beauty looks (here we didn't focus on beauty look precisely but) rather than popular passive consumption ways as Instagram, for example. It also gives a sense to the user of a major step of an artist's conceptual process, which is the mix-and-match experimental moment; my most uncomfortable one, where, in my experience, innovative ideas emerge if we allow ourselves to surrender to cut and glue in the raw material, hence to the result. As there will be more components and as they complexifie - or even change shapes as they can, or should eventually be clothes or home decorations - the options will be exponential. The universe of an "artist" is so much more than just the product itself. For me, the final product is almost nothing but a symbol. For me, beauty is all about what happens in between.

Techno: 3 arrays : make-up (which are flower icons that are to be dragged and dropped on the doll's face), visages (which are the faces with make-up and they appears only after the user dropped the make-up floral icon on the doll) and hairstyles. Mostly a drag-and-drop-element type of interactivity that triggers its result. Object-oriented programming with 2 classes : Hairstyles and Make-up. 3 states game (title, hair/make-up game, the credit); music starts at the game state. The make-up and hair elements has names (displayed when the user hover over them) that are thought to remind the user they compose the product of this game. Short instructions at the bottom of the canvas in a message box.  

Attribution : except if stated otherwise, I had lot of help for Sabine (computation lab), but every time she would say that I figured it out on my own so I am guessing I didn't use her codes. The format of the classes and template of my program, such as for loops; preload(), setup(), functions then draw() template; arrays, etc, are predominantly inspired from the method learned in class (Source : Pippin Barr). 
